Machine learning tasks, including
the ones I've described as examples.
Credit card fraud detection, movie
recommendations, speech recognition, and
so on.
Can be categorized into two main types.
The first type is known
as supervised learning.
And here our goal is to predict some
output variable that's associated with
each input item.
So if the output is a category a finite
number of possibilities such as
a fraudulent or not fraudulent prediction
for a credit card transaction.
Or maybe it's the English word
associated with an audio signal for
speech recognition.
We call this a classification problem
within supervised learning, and
the function that we learn
is called the classifier.
If the output variable we want to
predict is not a category, but
a real valued number like the amount
of time in seconds it would
likely take a car to accelerate
from 0 to 100 kilometers per hour.
We call that regression problem.
And we're learning something
called a regression function.
More formally we typically
denote a table of data items
using capital letter X and
there's one data item per row.
And the labels that we associate with
each item are stored in the variable y.
And our goal is to learn some function
that maps data item in X to a label in Y.
And to do this, the system's given
a set of label training examples,
of inputs X sub i and outputs Y sub i.
And this set of label training
examples is what's used to
identify the function that best maps
the input to the desired output.
For example, if the supervised
learning problem is image recognition.
This involves building
a classifier where the input X sub
i could be a set of pixels
that describe a single image.
And the desired label Y sub i might be
the label of the object in the image.
Now there're many algorithms
that scientists have developed
that can do supervise learning.
That could be used to estimate this
function F from the training data,
and we'll cover a number of
those algorithms in the course.
Supervised learning needs to have
this training set with labeled
objects in order to make its predictions.
But if the whole point is
to predict these labels,
where does this initial set
of label items come from?
The answer is that the training labels
are typically provided by human judges.
Now obtaining labels for
some problems can be easy or
difficult, depending on how
much labeled data is needed.
The level of human expertise or
expert knowledge that is needed
to provide an accurate label.
And the complexity of the labeling
task among other factors.
Now, the use of crowdsourcing platforms,
like Amazon's Mechanical Turk,
or Crowd Flower or others.
Have been a significant source of
explicitly provided labels from human
workers where customers with machine
learning tasks that need labeling can
connect with groups of workers that can
provide labels using human intelligence.
So those are more
explicitly obtained labels.
We can also obtain implicit labels.
So, for example, if a search engine
detects a user clicking on a result link
and then sees no more activity for
another minute or
two before the user comes
back to the search engine.
The system might use that activity as
a kind of an implicit label for that page.
In other words, if the user took
some time to visit the page,
it was more likely that that page
was relevant to their query.
The second major class of machine
learning algorithms is called
unsupervised learning.
In many cases we only have input data, we
don't have any labels to go with the data.
And in those cases the problems we can
solve involve taking the input data and
trying to find some kind
of useful structure in it.
Now what do I mean by structure?
Well typically this means
finding interesting clusters or
groups within the data.
So once we can discover this
structure in the form of clusters,
groups or other interesting subsets.
The structure can be used for tasks like
producing a useful summary of the input
data maybe visualizing the structure.
For example, if you run an e-commerce
site that sells products to customers.
Let's suppose you've got many thousands or
even millions of customers.
You might want to know
if you can categorize or
group the customers into different types.
For example, there might be power users
who use more advance features of the site.
There might be quick browser-type
users who only look for
a cheap discount and stay for
very little time on the side itself.
There could be sort of careful
researcher type users who spend a lot of
time comparing different items.
And if you could take your data of
how people interact with the site and
use unsupervised learning to
discover these different groups.
You can imagine then maybe tailing
your site's offerings to each group so
that prove the chance that a user
from that group would maybe purchase
a product or
have a better experience using your site.
Now you don't know how many groups
there are out there ahead of time or
even what they look like.
And you don't have any label examples.
And so this is a classic example of
an unsupervised learning problem.
Another type of unsupervised
learning problem that
is very important is something like
flagging abnormal access to a web server.
So for security reasons, you might
want to be notified if a website user is
making requests that
could be a cyber attack,
or is somehow very different from
typical user behavior on your site.
Since there can be many
different types of hacking or
intrusion attempts to break into
the server or exploit in some way.
We don't have reliable training labels
that we could use to train the classifier
using supervised learning.
Instead, we need unsupervised
approach that allows us to
perform something called
outlier detection.
That doesn't assume future attacks will
be of the same form as previous attacks.
But that does assume features of attacks
on the site will look different some how
than the average users behavior Okay, so
suppose you have a situation where
you think machine learning might be
applicable, either using a supervised or
an unsupervised approach.
How would you apply Machine Learning
to solve your problem?
Well, there're three basic steps and
I'm going to use classification as my
typical Machine Learning scenario.
So I'll often just use the term
classifiers as an example of a machine
learning task.
But what I am about to describe applies
to other forms of supervised learning,
like regression,
that we'll cover later, or
unsupervised learning
like clustering as well.
So the first step in solving
a problem with machine
learning is you have to figure out
how to represent the learning problem
in terms of something
the computer can understand.
You need to be able to take your data or
even formulate the description
of your object that you're
interested in recognizing,
for example, in a way that you
can use input to an algorithm.
And you also need to decide what type of
learning algorithm to apply to this data.
For example, there're many different
ways you could represent an image.
Typically, it's represented as
an array of colored pixels.
There could also be metadata
associated with the image.
You could think about how you might
represent a credit card transaction if you
want to do fraud detection.
So that might be represented by the time,
the place and amount of a transaction.
So you need some way, some
representation of the data you have and
the choice of what kind of algorithm
you want to apply to the data.
The second thing need to do is
decide on an evaluation method that
provides some type of quality or
accuracy score.
For the predictions or the output that
is coming out of the machine learning
algorithm typically I say classifier.
So if you have any violation method
this allows you to access and
compare the effectiveness
of different classifiers.
So you can tell what classifiers are doing
well, which are the good ones, and
which are the bad ones for
your particular problem.
For example, a good classifier
will have high accuracy that will
make a prediction that matches the correct
true label a high percentage of the time.
The third thing you need to do in applying
machine learning to solve a problem is.
Once we've decided on how to
represent the input data,
the type of classifier and
the evaluation method.
We need to then search for
the optimal classifier that gives the best
evaluation outcome for that problem.
And we'll go into all three of
these areas in this course.
And then, we'll use Python in this course
as well to solve some specific examples.
And we're about to see a concrete example
of how we use machine learning at
libraries in Python to solve
a classification problem.
So let's go through these three three
steps in a little more detail now.
Let's first talk about what it means to
convert the problem into a representation
that a computer can deal with.
This involves two things.
You need to convert each input object,
which we often call a sample,
into a set of features
that describe the object.
Second, we need to pick a learning model,
typically the type of classifier
that you want the system to learn.
So let's look more closely at what we mean
by a feature representation for an object.
Each data point in your
dataset represents something,
some object or situation or event.
Some entity that's being represented
by a list of properties.
For example,
an email might be represented as a list
of words that are in the message.
A picture might be represented
by a matrix of color values for
the pixels that make up an image.
A piece of fruit, like this apple
could be represented by its color,
its shape, its texture, and so forth.
So, these attribute values for
an object are called features.
You can think of the input data
containing this feature representation,
as the input to your function.
You can visualize it easily as a table.
Where each row of the table
represents a single data instance.
And where the columns of the table
represent the features of the object.
There could be many different choices for
how to represent an object using features.
So, for example,
I showed you piece of fruit.
Let's pick up a lemon.
A lemon has a shape, a width, a height,
it also has mass, a taste and
I guess if you buy lemons
in the store these days,
they also come with a handy bar code, that
identifies the type of fruit that it is.
So there are lot's of different types of
information we could gather about a thing
in a form that a computer
could understand.
So this problem of trying to figure
out how to represent an object for
machine learning algorithm
it's a challenge and
it's known as feature engineering or
feature extraction.
And we'll cover that in
week four of the course.
The other key part of representing
a machine learning problem is choosing
the type of classifier that's
appropriate for the problem.
And we'll cover many different types
of classifiers in this course.
They all have different trade-offs
in terms of their accuracy,
their interpretability, and
their speed, and so forth.
And we'll cover those in
the second week of this course.
So often the process of addressing
a machine learning task is a cycle.
It involves an iterative process,
as I show here,
where we make an initial guess about what
some good features are for the problem.
And the classifier that
might be appropriate.
We then train the system
using our training data.
Produce an evaluation, see how well the
classifier works and then based on what
worked and what didn't work which examples
get classified correctly or incorrectly we
can do a failure analysis to see where
the system is still making mistakes.
And then with the results
of that failure analysis,
we typically will always
refine the set of feature.
We may discover that important feature
is missing that would help fix some of
the mistakes for example.
So, in my experience, this iterative
process is very common in fact,
it's very typical of solving
problems with machine learning.
Typically, you might want to go
through this cycle several times,
to continually refine the features,
and assess their effect on accuracy.
Or, try different types of classifiers,
based on the evaluation method that
you've chosen in order to determine if you
have the right approach for your problem.